	Maydie and Jucub were sitting in their flag home, enjoying another horrible day. 	"I need to go to the bathroom," said Jucub sadly. “You need to come with me on this trip. The path is just swarming with monsters!”	"Ugh. Why does the only bathroom have to be a 10 mile hike from here?" replied Maydie, annoyed.	"Don't ask me! I'm not mayor flag man." said Jucub cattily. “Besides, it won’t take that long...”	"Well, let's go," said Maydie, and grabbed her ordinary dagger.	Jucub grabbed his flashlight and sword, and they were off. They encountered a few monsters, but not too much trouble. They got to the bathroom after around two hours.	"I don't really need to go anymore..." said Jucub nervously.	Maydie glared at Jucub with obvious distaste.	"Alright, let's go back." meowed Jucub.	The lovely couple walked back holding hands, but right when they started down the hill, they heard a loud BOOM. They looked down at Flagtown, and saw a large charred area with flames rising up from the crater. They saw the volcano on one side of Flagtown, and the edge of the world on the other side. The lava had created a huge moat around the town, with no where to go if you were in the village. Maydie and Jucub glanced at each other.	"Come on! Let's go!" yelled Jucub.	"You’re too slow!" yelled Maydie back as she passed Jucub.	They raced down the hill, running to the destruction.	As they got closer to Flagtown, it became more and more clear that there were no survivors.	The volcano normally only caused ashes in the air and extremely agonizing heat, and the last time it erupted was a week ago. Maydie and Jucub knew that this was not a natural disaster like the earthquake last week. (Flagtown sits on a major fault line, and experiences earthquakes quite often.)	The entire town and the surrounding forest (The needle forest, named for the trees which have razor sharp needles that shoot out if you get near) were destroyed completely, with no sign of any life.	"This sucks." exclaimed Jucub, looking at the flaming ground.	"Yeah..." replied Maydie.	"Well, who could of done this?!" said Jucub. "There's nothing on our flat disc planet that could cause this much damage, at least not on this side of the mountains!"	"What about the giant dragon?" suggested Maydie.	"No.. It couldn't have done this... It only really drops people into the volcano." said Jucub.	"No... It couldn't be..." Maydie said, thinking.	"What? Who do you think it was?" said Jucub, excited.	"Spenser the Cat-Bringer. Destroyer of Worlds." said Maydie gravely.	"But... He was banished to Death-Land! How could he have made it out?!?! The curse... He can't come to our land!" Jucub exclaimed nervously.	"His dark magic must have gotten stronger. He might be able to use it from Death-Land." retorted Maydie.	"We must go and destroy him! He can't be allowed to take over the other cities!" Jucub said, ready for battle.	"I have a plan." said Maydie. "We make it to Death-Land and go to the Tower of Scorpions, where the Gem of Crowns is located."	"Gem of Crowns?" said Jucub. "I've never heard of that."	"The legendary Gem of Crowns!" exclaimed Maydie. "You haven't heard of it? If somebody puts on the Gem of Crowns, any person named Jucub will be granted one wish.”	“Well, let’s go find it!” decided Jucub.	“Alright, let’s go.” said Maydie.	And so they left Flagtown and went through the Forest of Darkness, and followed the path to the only possible exit, the Tree of No Return. They wandered slowly, making sure to not let their guard down. The trees were extremely dense, almost no light passed through. They were getting very tired, and were running out of hope. They were about to take a break, when they saw light.	"Look! I can see the exit! Right up ahead! It's right there! Look! Maydie!" Jucub said stupidly.	"I know, you idiot. Stop being so loud." jeered Maydie.	They walked up ahead and saw an ominous tree by the exit. It seemed to radiate pure evil. Unfortunately for them, Maydie and Jucub had not heard the tales of the Tree of No Return. The walked right past it, only for the ground to turn to quicksand and the tree’s roots to ensnare and entangle them.	"Ahh!" Jucub yelled, hacking and slashing at the roots.	Maydie jumped away, stabbing at the roots, trying to get away. All of the sudden, a branch smacked her into the quicksand pit that had formed around the tree. She struggled to get out, but prickly thorns pulled her under. Jucub was being crushed by roots and vines.	Luckily, a dragon picked them up and dropped them into a volcano!	Maydie grabbed Jucub and used her dagger to slide down the wall, landing on a edge. After they got back to the forest, with Jucub limping along with two broken ribs and a twisted ankle, they slowly made it back to the tree, this time walking around it.	"Ouch. That hurt." meowed Jucub. 	"Yup." replied Maydie sadly.	They started walking across the Dunes of Despair, trudging slowing across the sand. They didn't run into much trouble, until they came across... The Chasm of Giving Up! This two inch wide chasm ran across the entire desert. There was no way around it.	"There's no way over!" yelled Jucub, frustrated.	"Over what?" said Maydie. She had not yet seen the chasm, and was not under its effect.	"The giant chasm! We just can't make it! Let's turn back." moped Jacob.	"Wait, you mean that?" Maydie questioned, seeing the small crack. "We can definitely make it over- oh, what am I saying... There's just no hope!" yelled Maydie.	They were moping and sobbing, sitting down by the chasm, and were so distracted they didn't see the strange men walking towards them. The men raised their spears. 	"Who are you!?" Asked one of the men.	"No one. We aren't worth anythi-ing-ing-ing" sobbed Jucub.	"Hmm... Ah, it's the chasm of giving up. Here." one of the men said, and pulled them across.	"Whoa!" Maydie and Jucub exclaimed in sync.	"How did you?" said Maydie, but when she looked at the chasm, it was just a small crack.	The strange men took the confused couple back to their village. They gave the couple food and water, and let Jucub rest in the Fountain of Bone Repair. Maydie and Jucub explained their quest to the village people, and warned them of Spenser's wrath. The village people said they knew of Spenser, and wished to help them on their quest. They enchanted Maydie’s dagger and Jucub’s flashlight. They held up their new items, Maydie’s Dagger of Daggers! And Jucub’s Flashlight of Power! The village people said that they, despite being more advanced then most Flagtonion, had never heard of a flashlight before, and said it would be a powerful weapon indeed when used.	And as such, Jucub and Maydie set on their quest to slay Spenser and obtain the Gem of Crowns, and the Death-Land Mountains were in their sights.	Maydie and Jucub set off towards the Death-Land Mountains. When they got there, they saw the infinitely tall mountains that guarded entry to Death-Land.	“How are we supposed to get over these mountains?” meowed the confused Jucub.	“Simple. You just climb to the Rocky Lava Cliff of Near Infinite Death and Depth, then jump! The hard part is surviving the fall.” explained Maydie.	“What’s it called again?” questioned Jucub.	“The Rocky Lava Cliff of Near Infinite Death and Depth” Maydie repeated.	“Can we just call it the cliff?” Jucub suggested.	“Alright, fine.” Maydie agreed.	As they neared the Death-Land mountains, the sun set. It got very dark.	“Hey, why’s the sun down already? It’s only 4:30 PM!” said Jucub.	“It’s the infinitely tall mountains. They cause problems when they smack into the sun. Get out your Flashlight of Power.” explained Maydie.	Jucub was enlightened and lit up the mountains with his Flashlight of Power, and they began to climb.	“Gee, climbing mountains without equipment sure is hard.” Jucub cried out.	“Yup.” meowed Maydie.	When they reached the Rocky Lava Cliff of Near Infinite Death and Depth, they sat down to rest.	“How are we going to get down?” meowed Jucub.	“Hmm... Oh! I have an idea! I’ll use my Dagger of Daggers to make a giant pile of daggers! That way we can just walk down!” exclaimed Maydie.	“Great!” yelled Jucub.	Maydie pointed her Dagger of Daggers down the cliff, and many a dagger fell.	After awhile, they could hear daggers hitting the ground. Jucub used his Flashlight of Power to check how far the pile was. It was relatively close, so they decided to jump.	“Ow!” Jucub yelled, obviously in pain.	“You alright?” Maydie responded.	“Yeah. I’m fine. Let’s go” meowed Jucub.	Jucub and Maydie marched into Death-Land, stepping on scorpions as they moved.	“Look! The Tower of Scorpions!” exclaimed Jucub.	“Shhh! They’ll hear us!” whispered Maydie.	“MWAHAHAHAHAHA! I AM SPENSER THE CAT BRINGER! LORD OF DEATH-LAND! SURRENDER NOW OR DIE AT THE HANDS OF MY SCORPIONS!” boomed Spenser the Cat Bringer.	“WE WON’T SURRENDER! THE GEM OF CROWNS WILL BE OURS!” yelled Jucub and Maydie in unison.	“Prepare to die! Scorpions! Attack!” commanded Spenser.	Jucub charged forward with his sword in hand. Maydie activated her Dagger of Daggers and impaled scorpions with daggers.	A giant scorpion jumped down from the top of the tower, with Spenser mounted on it’s back!	“It’s Spenser! Quick! Run to the tower! I’ll hold him off!” Maydie exclaimed.	“Alright!” Jucub yelled as he sprinted towards the Tower of Scorpions.	When Jucub got inside the door, Maydie made a wall of daggers to keep more scorpions from retreating into the tower and attacking.	Jucub ran up the stairs, killing scorpions on his way up. To his despair, the trapdoor to the top was locked! He tried to poke it with his sword, but it wouldn’t scratch. Then he remembered his Flashlight of Power. Jucub turned on his flashlight. When he pointed it at the trapdoor, it exploded! Jucub jumped up, only to be confronted by Spenser.	Spenser yelled “You who seek the Gem of Crowns! Jucub! You shall not get it! It is mine for eternity!”	Jucub shone the flashlight on Spenser, and he began to writhe in pain.	“No! Not a flashlight!” screamed Spenser.	“Look who’s powerful now!” yelled Jucub.	But then, Jucub’s flashlight flickered, then went out.	“No! My flashlight! It’s out of battery!” exclaimed Jucub.	“Your flashlight won’t help you now!” yelled Spenser.	Jucub began to charge at Spenser with his sword, but then, a dagger flew from underneath the tower, and hit Spenser’s wand, knocking it out of his hand as it cracked in half.	“Not my wand!” yelled Spenser in despair.	Jucub threw his sword at Spenser’s chest, but it bounced right off. Powerless, Spenser walked towards the tower’s edge slowly, with the Gem of Crowns in hand. He held it over the tower’s edge. “I will drop this into the lava field. It will be permanently destroyed.” threatened Spenser.	“Fine. Do it.” dared Jucub.	Maydie yelled “No! Don’t let him drop it!” as she jumped up the tower, using her Dagger of Daggers to climb.	“Alright. Bye bye!” teased Spenser as he dropped the Gem of Crowns.	“You’re going to regret that.” yelled Jucub.	“Noooo! We’re doomed!” yelled Maydie.	“I know something he doesn’t” explained Jucub. “If the Gem of Crowns is destroyed, the last person to touch it will die, and any effect they had on the world reverted.”	“You’re kidding. Liar.” Spenser snorted.	“Nope. Just wait. It’s almost to the lava.” said Jucub.	“Wow Jucub! Where’d you learn that?” meowed Maydie.	“I don’t know.” Jucub meowed.	A sudden white light filled their vision, and the world went dark.	Maydie and Jucub were sitting in their flag home, enjoying another horrible day. 	"I need to go to the bathroom," said Jucub sadly. “You need to come with me on this trip. The path is just swarming with monsters!”	"Ugh. Why does the only bathroom have to be a 10 mile hike from here?" replied Maydie, annoyed.	"Don't ask me! I'm not mayor flag man." said Jucub cattily. “Besides, it won’t take that long...”	"Well, let's go," said Maydie, and grabbed her ordinary dagger.	Jucub grabbed his flashlight and sword, and they were off. They encountered a few monsters, but not too much trouble. They got to the bathroom after around two hours.	"I don't really need to go anymore..." said Jucub nervously.	Maydie glared at Jucub with obvious distaste.	"Alright, let's go back." meowed Jucub.	The lovely couple walked back holding hands. When they reached their home, they decided to read a book.	“Oh! The Legend of Flagtown! This is a good book!” exclaimed Jucub.	They began to read their book, and lived happily ever after.